The necessity of a granted petition is necessary seeing the matters at hand do in fact create the economical problem of our citizens as well as earth. The problem i'm having is the problems from the trapped bio chemicals  from the sphere of our earth give way ruining the very energy,healthy minds of the people. Not understanding the bio chemicals i.e. carbon ..,.seemingly is in our breathing air though once the substance is mixed with other methane chemicals and  the causes within the body,the substance does indeed effect our every day lives. People are tired,cannot think of logical things beyond a certain capacity. The factual evidence  is watching their everyday lives and being surrounded around their everyday lives, shopping ,eating,and the everyday TO DOS laundry,washing the car,citizens might do extra curricular activities i.e.(that is) reading a book or going for a hike once in a blue moon. seems normal..the the reality is... In Washington state in the east Multiple sclerosis is arising . One of the highest percentages in our state;Symptoms(fatigue ,red eyes,weak and tired,lack of eating or over eating and still hungry,sweats,lack of control of emotions,fever, mental capacity falters without a warning. Seems normal after the body depletes over time and the repetitiveness of every day living seems normal as well. Many people have health issues though are afraid asking for a remedy of curing the problem. 
i'm for signing a petition or an order. Could you send a link guiding the way I could support your site and support the tax for our earths preservation.
P.S 
I've joined groups and talked within writings of the matters, reaching out is necessary. i did not give up I'm not sure the situation could be solved alone. The stresses of handling the diseases when many low class citizens as well as upper class citizens do not want a remedy.  You could cure the problem with curing the gasses in the air. implementing Petitions for eliminating smoking cigarettes as well as marijuana for the human body  were talked of in many forums as well as council meetings.their still underway.
i'm for lowering gasses and carbons.
Sincerely,
MIchelle Spruel
